reference.md, before:

---
layout: reference
---

## Glossary

{:auto_ids}
Annotation
:   The locations of genes, transcripts, exons, and CDS in the genome, as well as some metadata about genes.

CDS
:   Coding sequence.  DNA sequence that can be directly translated to amino acid sequence.

FASTA
:   A common file format for DNA, RNA, and amino acid sequence.  Reference genome sequences are commonly stored as FASTA.

GFF
:   General Feature Format.  A type of file that lists the genome annotation.  GFF3 and GTF are types of GFF.

GWAS
:   Genome-wide association study.  Analysis that looks for associations between phenotypes and variants.

Reference genome
:   A genome sequence and annotation for a particular species.  Often, the reference is based on the genome of one individual.

SNP
:   Single nucleotide polymorphism.

VCF
:   Variant Call Format.  A flexible file format for storing the location of variants (SNPs and otherwise) in the genome, as well as genotypes of a set of samples for those variants.

{% include links.md %}

Commit message:

Minor edits to homepage, glossary, setup

reference.md, after:

---
layout: reference
---

## Glossary

{:auto_ids}
Allele frequency
:   The frequency of an allele in a population. Out of all copies of a locus (in a diploid, two times the number of individuals), what proportion are the allele in question?

Alternative allele
:   The allele(s) that differ from the reference sequence at a given locus.

Annotation
:   The locations of genes, transcripts, exons, and CDS in the genome, as well as some metadata about genes.

CDS
:   Coding sequence.  DNA sequence that can be directly translated to amino acid sequence.

FASTA
:   A common file format for DNA, RNA, and amino acid sequence.  Reference genome sequences are commonly stored as FASTA.

Hardy-Weinberg Equilibrium
:   A state in which genotype frequencies can be predicted from allele frequencies because all individuals in a population mate at random with each other.

GFF
:   General Feature Format.  A type of file that lists the genome annotation.  GFF3 and GTF are types of GFF.

GWAS
:   Genome-wide association study.  Analysis that looks for associations between phenotypes and variants.

Minor allele frequency
:   The frequency of the less common allele.  Ranges from 0 to 0.5 by definition.

Reference allele
:   The allele matching the reference sequence at a given locus.

Reference genome
:   A genome sequence and annotation for a particular species.  Often, the reference is based on the genome of one individual.

SNP
:   Single nucleotide polymorphism.

VCF
:   Variant Call Format.  A flexible file format for storing the location of variants (SNPs and otherwise) in the genome, as well as genotypes of a set of samples for those variants.

{% include links.md %}
